Fix manual flows trigger (#25406)
directus/directus: .changeset/orange-rules-train.md

---
"@directus/api": patch
---

> Fixed Flows with manual triggers failing for integer primaryKeys on the item detail page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed Flows with manual triggers failing for integer primary keys on the item detail page
```
